New Indexes chapter (#770)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes/search-performance-indexes/overview.adoc

:description: Overview of the search-performance indexes available in Neo4j.
= Search-performance indexes

Search-performance indexes enable quicker retrieval of exact matches between an index and the primary data storage.
There are four different search-performance indexes available in Neo4j:

* *Range indexes*: Neo4j’s default index.

> Supports most types of predicates, including node label and relationship types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supports most types of predicates, including node labels and relationship types.
```

Author: Actually - I think it could just say "Supports most types of predicates"

Reviewer: Sure, I'm always in favor of shortening :D

* *Text indexes*: solves predicates operating on `STRING` values.

> Optimized for queries filtering `STRING` properties for what they `CONTAIN` or `ENDS WITH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimized for queries filtering with the `STRING` operators `STARTS WITH`, `CONTAINS`, and `ENDS WITH`.
```

Author: Your suggestion is incorrect for STARTS WITH (range indexes solve these much faster due to ordering) - but I will consider the other two :)

* *Point indexes*: solves predicates on spatial `POINT` values.

> Optimized for queries filtered on distance or within bounding boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimized for queries filtering on distance or within bounding boxes.
```

> * *Token lookup indexes*: only solves node label and relationship type predicates (i.e. they cannot solve any predicates filtered on properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Token lookup indexes*: only solves node label and relationship type predicates (i.e. they cannot solve any predicates filtering on properties).
```

Two token lookup indexes (one for node labels and one for relationship types) are present when a database is created in Neo4j.

> To learn more about creating, listing, and deleting these indexes, as well as more details about the predicates supported by each index type, see xref:indexes/search-performance-indexes/managing-indexes.adoc[Managing search-performance Indexes].

Reviewer: If you don't want to give a special label to the link, it's best to put the xref with empty `[]`. In this way, if the title of the target xref is changed, the link label changes automatically.
